# Characters

- Craig Table - Bends: 0
- May-I

- Dr Carrowack
# Notes

Dr Carrowack in a room of cryopods
1 broken, empty cryopod

octavian's throne - luxury station

prospero's dream - crowded

the deep - abandoned synthetics production facility, near(ish) prospero's dream. taken over by industrial ai (MONARCH)

blockade by troubleshooters controlled by board of corps (cloudbank, mariah tech)

can sell artifacts

X-401 - data drive. main objective

contact - Strake

Merlin

## The Bell

the first diver - on the bell (arkady) - buys and sells gear. ferries people between the bell and the deep

noriko - chapel, garden. named by minotaur. partake of the minotaur's flesh to be rejuvenated

3537 - written on bunk

chapel
- whale skeleton
- altar - 8 arms
- ghost eater, cyborg
- 

## Table inventory




The characters are each approached by [[Strake]] of [[Jinzo Deckard]] on [[Prospero's Dream]] with a mission to recover the [[X-401]] data drive from [[The Deep]]. He provides them a single-use code to get past the blockade.

Each character has been offered something important to them in exchange for undertaking the mission.

After some shopping, the party are flown to [[The Deep]] by [[Merlin]] (ship name?) and as they approach the station they are apprehended by the blockade. A nuke is fired at the party but May-I eventually provides the code and disaster is avoided.

The party dock at [[The Bell]], and are greeted by [[Arkady]] the first diver. He shows them around [[The Bell]] where they meet [[Noriko]] and [[Ghost Eater]]. 

